# Prototype2
Prototype2Submission

In this current iteration of my Final Project I am focusing on the 3D virtual environment that will be the space for implementing the process of virtual embossing of images through user interaction in the degree show exhibition space. This is a program that I have built using Unity 3D as it gives me a diverse range of rendering still and moving images in virtual spaces. At the current iteration I have added user interaction so that through keyboard and mouse position inputs the environment is fully navigational in movement direction and 360 rotation. The game object is currently a simple sphere but I have added refraction probes so that the material of the sphere if updated by its orientation and surroundings. I plan to develop the mesh of the navigation object to be more dynamic in future. I have also added terrains to the space that with noise shaders and a combination of reflection, refraction and transparent create distortion fields to the sampled images in the space.  Enclosing this space I have created a selection of skybox examples. One being a static image and three iteration of video players from render materials. These are part of the ongoing experimentation in doing with moving image that I will later be projecting in the exhibition space the current iteration of this film can be viewed at https://youtu.be/iz2v2z1DEQc

 Going forward I want to build more user interaction into the space so that visitors of exhibition have interfaces to edit or change the selection of the skybox textures and upload from a selection of native images to personalise the space but I plan on working on this when I have had more success in the machine learning models for image embossing. 
